Supper proficient in medicine
Wang Shu
Ting's daughter's heart disease was cured by supper
I didn't expect him to be really good at medicine
According to this prescription
Take the medicine twice
We'll know in three days.
I advise you.
I will see less Western medicine in the future
The old man's body is fragile and can't stand the tossing
Let's go, Song Jiayi
Why are you still here?
water
Water water water I go
Are you still mad at me?
No, I want to thank you instead.
Finally came out and helped me prove that I am proficient in medicine
To be honest, it's still a little selfish
I hope you and Zhang Ziliang divorce
Then I can be with you.